readme.md, before:

# Keyyard's Halloween Skin Maker 🎃

Welcome to Keyyard's Halloween Skin Maker! This web app lets you add spooky customizations to your Minecraft skin. Upload your skin, choose a Halloween-themed overlay, and download your new look. It's that simple!


![Halloween Skin Transformation](static/medias/halloween1.png)

![Halloween Skin App](static/medias/halloween3.png)

![Halloween Skin App](static/medias/halloween4.png)

## Features

- **User-Friendly Interface:** Easy to use.
- **Upload Your Skin:** Import your Minecraft skin.
- **Choose And Create Your Own Customizations:** Create your own Halloween-themed overlays or choose from the existing ones.
- **Download Your Creation:** Get your customized skin ready for Halloween.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- **Python 3 or higher**
- **Dependencies:** Install the required dependencies using the following command:
  ```bash
  pip install -r requirements.txt
  ```
### Starting

1. **Install the halloween-skin-maker source code.**

2. **Run the application halloween-skin-maker.exe.**

## Usage
After running the application, you can upload your Minecraft skin and choose a Halloween overlay to customize your skin. Once you're satisfied with your creation, you can download the new skin and use it in Minecraft.

## Contributing

You can contribute overlays and submit pull requests to add more Halloween-themed customizations to the app. We welcome any contributions to improve the app and make it more fun for everyone.

For modifications, please follow the guidelines below:

1. **Fork the repository.**
2. **Create a new branch.**
3. **Make your changes.**
4. **Commit your changes.**
5. **Push to the branch.**
6. **Submit a pull request.**

## Acknowledgements

- [Pillow](https://python-pillow.org/) - Python Imaging Library
- [Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/) - Web Framework
- [requests](https://docs.python-requests.org/) - HTTP Library
- [pywebview](https://pywebview.flowrl.com/) - Web GUI Library

Make sure to install these dependencies using the command provided in the Prerequisites section.


Happy Halloween!!

Commit message:

Refactor license file and readme.md

readme.md, after:

# Keyyard's Halloween Skin Maker 🎃

Welcome to Keyyard's Halloween Skin Maker! This web app lets you add spooky customizations to your Minecraft skin. Upload your skin, choose a Halloween-themed overlay, and download your new look. It's that simple!


![Halloween Skin Transformation](static/medias/halloween1.png)

![Halloween Skin App](static/medias/halloween3.png)

![Halloween Skin App](static/medias/halloween4.png)

## Features

- **User-Friendly Interface:** Easy to use.
- **Upload Your Skin:** Import your Minecraft skin.
- **Choose And Create Your Own Customizations:** Create your own Halloween-themed overlays or choose from the existing ones.
- **Download Your Creation:** Get your customized skin ready for Halloween.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- **Python 3 or higher**
- **Dependencies:** Install the required dependencies using the following command:
  ```bash
  pip install -r requirements.txt
  ```
### Starting

1. **Install the halloween-skin-maker source code.**

2. **Run the application halloween-skin-maker.exe.**

## Usage
After running the application, you can upload your Minecraft skin and choose a Halloween overlay to customize your skin. Once you're satisfied with your creation, you can download the new skin and use it in Minecraft.

## Contributing

You can contribute overlays and submit pull requests to add more Halloween-themed customizations to the app. We welcome any contributions to improve the app and make it more fun for everyone.

For modifications, please follow the guidelines below:

1. **Fork the repository.**
2. **Create a new branch.**
3. **Make your changes.**
4. **Commit your changes.**
5. **Push to the branch.**
6. **Submit a pull request.**

## Acknowledgements

- [Pillow](https://python-pillow.org/) - Python Imaging Library
- [Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/) - Web Framework
- [requests](https://docs.python-requests.org/) - HTTP Library
- [pywebview](https://pywebview.flowrl.com/) - Web GUI Library

Make sure to install these dependencies using the command provided in the Prerequisites section.

## License and Contributions

This app can be freely modified and hosted as a website on your own. However, credits are required, and commercial use is not allowed without permission. For commercial inquiries, please contact us.

If you would like to support the project, consider making a donation. Donations will help us host the app as a website, eliminating the need for users to install it locally.

Happy Halloween!!
